Good.
[KOGUMA]
A few days ago,
my empty life turned into
a life with my Cub.
And little by little,
I'm starting to get used
to that change.
[KOGUMA] Riding it is
beginning to feel natural.
I don't have to think
about everything I do
like when I first got it.
[KOGUMA] But that's not
the only thing that's changed.
There's something else.
Good morning.
[REIKO]
Hmm.
[KOGUMA] And that other
thing might take a lot longer
to get used to.
--[TEACHER 3A] Yaguchi.
--[YAGUCHI] Here.
--[TEACHER 3A] Yonemura.
--[YONEMURA] Here.
--[TEACHER 3A] Watanabe.
--[WATANABE] What up?
[STUDENTS chatting]
Ah. Huh?
Well, ready to go?
Uh...
[REIKO] I've been thinking
I might go touring
over summer vacation.
There's lots of
cool bike stuff to do.
I could go watch
the Suzuka Eight Hours.
What else...?
Mm?
You're eating that cold.
How's that going?
[KOGUMA groans]
Heh.
[KOGUMA grunts]
So the Eight Hours...
Then what?
[REIKO] Mm? And then... well,
I haven't gotten that far yet.
Although, one thing I know for
sure is that I wanna go big.
Like a really long trip?
[REIKO] Yeah. And I can pack
as much as I need in here.
Going on trips is one of
the funnest things
about owning a Cub!
That would be useful.
[REIKO]
What, a luggage box?
[KOGUMA]
Mm.
[REIKO]
Hmm...
Wait just a second.
Hey! It's me.
Yeah, the one
I asked about before...
[REIKO]
If you could, that'd be great.
Thanks!
We're gonna have a quick stop
to make on the way home.
--[KOGUMA] Huh?
--Believe me.
It'll be worth it, for sure.
[KOGUMA]
Mm...
[school bell chimes]
--[REIKO] All right! We're off!
--[KOGUMA] Hmm?
[REIKO]
C'mon, hurry!
Hey!
Sorry. I'm a fast walker.
I think it might be
'cause of my Cub.
I have to be full throttle
everywhere now, all the time,
or else my engine just
shuts down on me.
[CLERK 3A]
Welcome.
[KOGUMA]
Hmm?
[REIKO]
Hmm... So...
We'll take you,
and you. Perfect.
Wanna grab these?
[KOGUMA]
Huh?
[CLERK 3A]
Your total is 298 yen.
Will you be needing a bag?
--Oh. I-I don't think I--
--We will! Paper.
[CLERK 3A]
Ah? O-Okay.
[KOGUMA]
Huh?
[REIKO]
Hello!
[MANAGER 3A]
Ah. Hi there.
Long time no see.
I have it all ready
for you out back.
[KOGUMA]
Uh?
[MANAGER 3A]
Here we are.
My vendor called dibs
on the frame,
but if you see
anything else you like,
you're welcome to pull it off.
Thank you.
[REIKO]
Ugh, over 70,000, huh?
Whoa, that's not gonna work.
The windshield's rotting.
Heh. Still. This is fine.
Uh...
Hey, sir? I need some tools.
Will these do?
[REIKO]
You wanna do this part?
Ah! Mm.
Okay. Use the wrench
to hold the nut still,
then unscrew the bolt.
It could be rusty.
Slow and steady.
I think that this is all
we need for the moment.
Great!
Still, it's a shame you didn't
call me a little bit sooner.
You could've taken
the frame off my hands.
[KOGUMA]
Mm?
Ah.
[KOGUMA]
Pardon me.
I'd like to say thank you.
I only bought my Cub
a few days ago.
I didn't have a storage box.
This one should be great
for carrying my things.
I promise I'll take
good care of it.
And here--I brought
these snacks.
You can share them
with everyone at the shop.
[MANAGER 3A] Huh? You really
don't need to get me anything.
But since you offered...
Much obliged.
That's all. We'll get
out of your hair now.
Sorry to impose in
the middle of your day.
There.
[KOGUMA]
Uh...
Hmm.
[KOGUMA]
Wow. Look at that face.
Mm!
Thank you.
You've helped me so much.
--I honestly never thought--
--[TEACHER 3B] Ah, I found you!
Huh?
[TEACHER 3B] I heard you'd
recently bought a Cub.
Oh, hi, sir.
Here. I used to have this front
basket on my own bike.
It could use a new home now.
Would you want it?
Yes, you did.
[giggles]
[KOGUMA]
Ah...
[chuckles]
You know what they say
about one man's trash, right?
[REIKO] If you ever need
some part for your bike,
just manifest your desire
into the universe.
A lot of times, it'll pretty
much fall into your lap
out of nowhere.
Usually, five minutes after
you find one brand new
and order it at full
price, but still! Later.
[KOGUMA]
Huh?
Hmm.
[KOGUMA groans]
[KOGUMA]
That stings.
I need a wind screen.
[KOGUMA]
Something to cover this part.
So...
Oh.
Do I use... these things?
[KOGUMA]
Ah?
Hmm...
Ah.
"Omiya Ward in Saitama"?
[KOGUMA]
Saitama, huh?
[SHII] They're gonna
spiff up the library!
[GIRL 2A]
Cool!
[KOGUMA]
Morning.
[REIKO]
Hmm.
One great thing about having
a Cub with a black storage box,
it lets you mostly
fly under the radar.
Like, people might see there's
a girl riding her motorcycle
around town, but then, even if
they run into you the next day,
they're not gonna be like, "Oh,
yeah, the bike girl!" Y'know?
Do you think I could look
at your helmet for a sec?
After you're done
eating, I mean.
Wanna try it on?
So?
[KOGUMA]
Hmm...
Are those helmets expensive?
They can get pricy,
but they're way too important
to cheap out on. Right?
Although I think both of ours
might cost the same.
What's wrong with yours?
[KOGUMA] I need to find
a way to block the wind.
A face shield?
You can buy those.
What store?
[REIKO] Hmm... The closest
place I can think of
would be out in Kofu.
[KOGUMA]
Kofu?
--Heh!
--[KOGUMA] Huh?
It's not too far. Let's go!
Oh?
[KOGUMA]
Ah...
Awesome! Gimme a sec, okay?
I wanna take a look around.
I'll be quick.
Now, what've we got?
[REIKO] There it is--wait,
wrong kind--Ah, there it is!
Yeah, perfect!
Hmm... That's a lot, though.
Hmm... Cool, so...
What'd we need?
Right, you wanted
a face shield for your helmet!
Like I would forget about that.
[KOGUMA groans]
They're all so expensive.
Can I look?
[REIKO sighs] Well,
that was basically no help.
[gasps] Hold on!
I just wanna check this out!
I don't need
anything that fancy.
Maybe something more like...
[gasps]
--Sorry...
--[WORKER 3A] Hmm?
What do you call those
things over your eyes?
[WORKER 3A]
Oh.
Safety goggles.
And would they be okay
to wear on a motorbike?
[WORKER 3A]
Sure, you wouldn't be the first.
They're tough and
they don't cost very much.
[KOGUMA]
Where could I get some?
They should have 'em at
any old hardware store,
like maybe the Komeri
on Koshu Highway?
[KOGUMA]
Right. Thank you very much.
So, then?
Sorry, but I found what I need.
[KOGUMA]
Hmm.
Heh.
[engine puttering]
[KOGUMA giggles]
[KOGUMA]
I had a dream.
[KOGUMA] And in the dream,
I was riding my Cub.
[KOGUMA chuckles]
[KOGUMA]
Good morning.
[REIKO]
Hmm.
[KOGUMA]
Ah?
When I started riding, I wore a
half helmet I'd gotten for free.
It wasn't till later
that I tried on a full-face.
It's super weird
at first, right?
[KOGUMA]
Hmm...
[chuckles]
[BOTH giggle]
I think... I wanna
ride around a bit.
Yeah, I get that. Me, too.
[KOGUMA]
Hmm.
[REIKO]
Hold on!
Huh?
[REIKO]
Here.
That's my cell number.
Call me if anything comes up.
Huh?
[REIKO]
Be safe.
Bye!
[KOGUMA]
The day I got my license,
it didn't feel like anything
major had changed.
But this scrap of paper with
a number scribbled on it...
That really felt like
it meant something.
[KOGUMA] I'm not sure
I can say we're friends.
But we're Cub riders.
[KOGUMA] And in a way, that may
be a relationship that runs
deeper than friendship.
[KOGUMA] When she left,
she told me to be safe.
[KOGUMA] From a friend, that
could mean the same thing as
"See you later."
But from a fellow Cub rider,
it's actually an instruction.
I know she was saying
exactly what she meant.
I put Reiko's number
into my phone already,
so there's no reason to
keep the note she handed me.
I might throw it out
with all my grocery receipts.
But I'll never
forget what she said to me.
[KOGUMA]
I have no parents.
No money.
No hobbies or friends.
No goals for my future.
[KOGUMA]
But now...
...I'm not the girl
with nothing anymore.
[KOGUMA]
Now, I have a Cub.
And since we're together,
we can go anywhere we want.
[KOGUMA] Episode 4,
"The Job."